nPose Birch RC                  

Bug fixes:
1. Menus are now sorted alphabetically in two separate sorts.  Notecard defined menu buttons are sorted and placed on the upper portion of the dialog.  Utility buttons are sorted and placed at the bottom of the dialog.
2.  White space at the beginning and end of each notecard line are now ignored.
3.  All scripts have less impact on script memory usage and sim load.  This means nPose is capable of seating in excess of 25 individuals using only the nPose scripts in the object above.
4.  Multi-User Menu system is now fully functional.  This means that two or more individuals can use the menu system at all levels without interfering with any other individual.
5.  Support for non-numbered seats as well as numbered seats.
6.  Fixed a bug so it is not possible to attempt unsitting an Avatar that is not seated.
7.  Fixed a bug where the slave script did not successfully know if the AV was seated before attempting to impose a layered animation.

New Features:
1.  Click any adjuster to get a data dump with its' position and rotation.
2.  Added a line in the header of the menu showing the current path.
3.  Added the ability to set permissions to each individual sub menu item.  This effectively hides menu items when someone is not authorized.

CHANGELOG
Ash:
1.  Built in support for layered animations.  Talk directly with the slave via LINKMSG to layer on additional animation to the existing nPose animation set.  Decommissioned layered animation plugin.
2.  A single slave script now supports virtually unlimited seated AV's.  Use of this new slave is optional as support for the legacy slaves still remains functional.
3.  The core is now leaner on memory usage and supports virtually unlimited seated AV's.
4.  Updated core and menu to support more than 10 sitters.
5.  Emulation of SchmoPose where each sitter can choose their sit pose without effecting any other seated AV's with the use of layered animations.  Animations should be made with the same reference points as layering doesn't change the base nPose positions.

V0.028.015(V)
1.  %AVKEY% was replacing the AVKEY at the time the notecards were read rather than when needed.  This left DEFAULT notecards un-effective for passing the toucher KEY into SATMSG items.  Changed when nPose replaces %AVKEY% with the toucher's key.
2.  The menu would dumbly put RLV options in the Admin menu even if the RLV plugin was not present in the build.  Changed the menu and RLV scripts to be aware and only add RLV options to the menu when the RLV plugin is present.
3.  Replaced many of the llSay functions with llRegionSayTo functions for far less channel spaming.  Only the intended object/AV receives the messages.
4.  Changed llSetLinkPrimitiveParams to llSetLinkPrimitiveParamsFast.  This is intended to make quicker, smoother pose changes.
5.  Fixed bug where nPose would loose track of seated AV's when the number of seats changed due to changing the pose.


V0.028.10(V)
    Choose which seat to sit before you sit (much like selecting which poseball someone would use.
    Change seats is now available rather than swap.  Sitter can now change seats with seat4 directly rather than swapping 4 times to get there and moving all AV's to do it.

v0.028
    Optional Timed Prop die.
    Support for xcite via relay messaging.
    Built in Menu-On-Sit as an option.
    Built in Return to Default Pose when last AV has stood as an option.
    Permissions to control who can pull a menu where options are Public, Locked, Group.
    Sit Target property setting is now built into the on_rez function of the core.
    RLV application to grab and manage multiple victims.
    Built in support for sequences of pose sets with LOOPTO capability (one position adjustment applies to all sequence elements).
    
v0.027
    Menu Control now has a hook that will let you trigger a menu via link message.
    nPose will now accept "BTN:" cards with LINKMSG lines inside.  Inside each line, the token "%AVKEY%" will be replaced with the menu user's key before the link message is sent.

v0.026
    Put the sit target workaround script into the demo object prims and updated the version number on the demo to agree with the notecard.

v0.025
    changed the sit target workaround script to not self-delete.  This fixes the problem of disappearing sit targets .

v0.024
    fixed a menu pagination bug for categories with 9-12 entries.

v0.023
    fixed two bugs in the Dialog script's handling of multi page menus.

v0.022
    added checking to dialog script to prevent seated one av from having multiple slots in the menus strided list

v0.021
    did some behind the scenes improvements on the dialog script, esp. to make it better support buttons that you want to have on every page (eg sync and swap)
    now allow for poses to be in the root menu, so you don't need to do subcategories if you don't want to.  To put a poseset in the main menu, just name its card in the format SET:setname.
    menus may now be nested!
    Added unsit feature to admin menu

v0.020
    reduced sequence timer to 29 seconds to make transitions smoother (accounts for time dilation and some anim load time)
    improved sync feature to actually, ya know, work.    

v0.019
    avatars are again unseated if there are more seated avatars than anim slots in the set
    changed category menus to put labels right on the buttons instead of in a numbered list
    swaps are now remembered between pose switches
    small change to prop script to stop it getting confused if you take a rezzed prop into inventory and then place that inside the npose object
    increased the llSleep during a "sync" from 0.2 to 0.3
    added an llSleep of 0.2 after starting one anim in a sequence and stopping the previous anim.
    Instead of timing out, dialogs for seated avatars now remain active until the person stands.

v0.018
    added "sync" feature which restarts all anims and sequences
    added SATMSG and NOTSATMSG handling to the core and config cards, to enable more robust integration with other plugins
    created lockmeister-compatible chain point plugins that may be driven by SATMSG and NOTSATMSG config lines.  See the Misc:Nadu cards for examples.

v0.017
    allowed for a RESTART keyword in multi anim sequences to change looping behavior.  When the slave gets to the RESTART, it will go back to the first anim in the sequence.
    removed the control key stuff from slave scripts and moved into the key-based alternative controller to reduce link message spam

v0.016
    made props aware of the base (using ping/pong exchange) so they can llDie if the base goes away.  Props will check for the base's existence, and for pos/rot changes, once every 10 seconds.
    fixed 2 typos in the PosDump routine

v0.015
    the main menu now shows labels directly on the buttons instead of in a numbered list
    added an Admin menu with Adjust, StopAdjust, and PosDump functions (replacing the former /9adjust chat command).
    PosDump dumps all current ANIM and PROP lines to chat
    modified the nPose Prop script to support the PosDump feature
    Adjusters are now re-rezzed when switching poses, until StopAdjust is clicked
    fixed an error rezzing props when base is rotated

v0.014
    poses are reset on region crossing to work around SL behavior that set avs at sit targets on changing region
    adjusters now move with avatars if you swap while adjusting
    adjusters now rez at proper angles if base is at non-zero rotation
    chat message ANIM lines from base while adjusting now include face anim section
    adjusters are now 80% transparent and non-glowy, to reduce their tendency to obscure the avatars themselves

v0.013
    fixed another stupid menu bug introduced by the new DEFAULT feature
    slave scripts now take controls and send link messages on control events
    alternative "key press" control method added

v0.012
    fixed a stupid bug that prevented the DEFAULT set from showing in the menu.

v0.011
    added checks to prevent errors when stopping anims for non-present avs
    slaves now reset when their av stands
    moved /9adjust listener out of core and into menu control
    added ability to have a DEFAULT:<category>:<setname> card.  Core will use this set on startup if found.  If not, it will use the first SET card.  The DEFAULT card will show up in the menu just like a set card, by its category.
    extra avatars are now unsat if we have more avs than anim slots.

v0.010
    adds a sit target workaround for cases when you're seeing "no room to sit" errors.

v0.009
    fixed a bug in rezzing adjusters that prevented them from starting at the pose position and rotation when rezzed.

v0.008
    Re-architected the core to delegate animating and positioning for each slot to a separate slave script.  You may have as many slots as you like, but you need a slave script for each.
    added support for face anims.  Put a tilde ("~") delimited list of face anims at the end of each ANIM line.  See the Foursome meditation card for an example.
    added support for anim sequences (like Lovescene).  Each stage must be 30 seconds long.  The last stage will loop indefinitely.  Define a sequence by putting a tilde-delimited list of anims where you'd normally just put an anim name
    adjustment is now triggered (by owner only) by saying /9adjust
    added instructions!

v0.007
    revamped the menus to fix various bugs and increase consistency
    added extra demo of auto-switching control script.

v0.006
    added PROP rezzing feature.  See Chair Sit card.
    added category organization to control script
    added feature to send link messages from config card (see Meditate:Single), and a sample link message receiver script.
    set card prefix is now "SET" instead of "POSESET".

v0.005
    made the adjustment handles longer and less transparent so they're easier to see and grab.
    added Swap feature

v0.004
    added adjustment handles
    created MLP config conversion tool

v0.003
    Added license notecard, and removed debug strings in v0.002.

v0.002
    Fixed several bugs occuring on switching anims, an av standing, or a new av sitting.

v0.001
    Initial release